welcome to tackle prime time I'm ghusl
weren't seen alongside the professor
Mike did God we're turning things over
to the defensive side of the ball with
two defensive backs Charles Mitchell and
DJ Monroe
this guy we're looking at his DJ Monroe
he's five foot nine hundred sixty-five
pounds from angleton high in angleton
texas you recognize DJ Montrose's little
guy flying out from the corners of the
screen making hits on the much larger
opposing qbs wide receivers and running
backs however he doesn't just hit he's a
sticky defensive back that'll drive you
into the ground before you can even
think about breaking the tackle war
knocked the ball out when it's
absolutely necessary say what you want
about him being undersized because he
more than makes up for it with the
amount of ground that he covers with his
speed and quickness it's this quickness
that is attracted the attention of the
University of Texas and did I mention
that this guy can jump he had six picks
last year along with many tackles where
he steps up in a linebacker territory to
take down the running back and oh by the
way he rushed for 1200 yards last year
as a running back so don't even think
about questioning this kids durability
as a high school graduate DJ Monroe
might be undersized but I'll tell you
what they get him to college they put
them on these strict weight gain diets
you know they use metric supplements
give them a little bit of amped nos
maybe some hardcore zma some extreme
nitro pump this guy's going to be big
maybe bigger than some of the other
defensive backs he's competing against
Gus Mike I hope you're not taking your
nutrition lessons from Greg Anderson and
the BALCO labs out in San Francisco DJ
if you're watching just stick with what
works don't listen to this guy for your
nutrition advice let's take a look at my
guy now Charles Mitchell 511 190 pounder
out of carts Dale high school in
Clarksdale Mississippi Charles Mitchell
is an excellent cover corner has the
ability to lock down half the field to
shut down anybody big play wide receiver
possesses all the qualities you want to
see in a cornerback they build your back
pedal but when I like best about him is
his ability to come out of that back
pedal and come back boards a wide
receiver he shows that closing speed
right here in the video and when it gets
to that wide receiver he's looking to
hit people you see a lot of great
corners out there and they're scared to
come and tackle brings up guys like
Deion Sanders who could shut down a wide
receiver but he's gonna run the other
way when it comes to tackling people
Charles Mitchell's gonna stick his nose
in there
and he's going to make a difference
whether he's covering passes are coming
up and run support besides being a great
defensive back Charles Mitchell shows
awesome versatility as a kick returner
and running back as well well I'll tell
you what gusts that footage of Charles
Mitchell returning those kicks was very
impressive but if you look at the DB
footage not so much to me also you I'll
tell you what he knocks a lot of guys
out of bounds that's one thing he's
backpedaling a lot like you said we
should look back better Mike he does
play defensive back you spend the
majority of time being able to backpedal
one challenge as a DB is you got to be
able to go as fast as the wire receivers
are going forward backwards and I would
love about him he can back pedal with
the best of them and gets out of those
breaks quickly and comes up and makes
hits when he needs to but I'll tell you
what Gus when your highlights when your
highlights from all of high school are
you backpedaling and making hits on out
routes I just don't know if you're that
impressive of a defensive back DJ
montreux as you can see he chases people
down he makes tackles he's got the speed
except the quickness he can defend
passes let's do it i'll talk about
highlights as if yours wasn't a
highlight tape as well but i don't like
to see out of your highlight tape is DJ
monroe when he gets in the open field
trying to run around and tackle people
and he's able to get blocked pretty
easily downfield and when he does get
his opportunity to tackle instead of
coming in and laying a lick on somebody
he jumps on her back and almost rising
with the rodeo down there in texas all
right well maybe a little bit more
conservative you can take your guy he'll
make the hits my guy will make the plays
we'll see who turns out to be the better
defensive back in college